# Program structure

Each EoS in thermopack is a class, which inherits from the `thermopack` class found in `thermo.py`. The primary documentation
for the thermopack python wrapper consists of the [docstrings of the thermopack class](https://github.com/thermotools/thermopack/blob/main/addon/pycThermopack/thermopack/thermo.py).
This class contains all generic methods used to compute thermodynamic properties, phase equilibria, etc. The inheriting 
classes simply ensure that the correct part of the Fortran-module is linked when performing calculations, and provide 
some extended functionality for handling EoS parameters and such. See the [wiki](https://github.com/thermotools/thermopack/wiki/) 
for more information on this. 

Fluid parameters are compiled into the Fortran-module, and are not directly accessible through the Python-wrapper. 
The entire fluid parameter database used by thermopack may be found in the [`/fluids` directory](https://github.com/thermotools/thermopack/tree/main/fluids) 
in the GitHub repo. In order to model fluids not currently supported in the module available through `pip`, thermopack
must be compiled from source with the new parameters. See the [wiki](https://github.com/thermotools/thermopack/wiki/) 
for information on how to add new fluids, and the [GitHub README](https://github.com/thermotools/thermopack) for a guide 
on how to compile from source. Please feel free to leave a PR for new parameter sets such that these can be included in 
future releases of thermopack.

## File System
Brief description of file structure:

- `thermopack/`: Main library folder containing make scripts etc.
- `thermopack/src/`: Main path for Fortran source code
- `thermopack/unittest/`: Test files written for pFUunit
- `thermopack/bin/`: Compiled binaries and libraries
- `thermopack/doc/`: Memos and doxygen documentation
- `thermopack/fluids/`: Pure fluid files
- `thermopack/binaries/`: Files containing binary interaction parameters etc.
- `thermopack/MSVStudio/`: Microsoft Visual Studio project and solution files
- `thermopack/include/`: C/C++ include file
- `thermopack/pyplot/`: Example plot-scripts (Plotting text files generated by Thermopack)
- `thermopack/addon/`: Add-on functionality
- `thermopack/addon/pycThermopack/`: Python interface
- `thermopack/addon/pyUtils/`: Python utilities for generating fortran code and makefile input.
